com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/Validation.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.Validation
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/History.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.History
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/HomeBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.HomeBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/HistoryProfileBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.HistoryProfileBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/HistoryProfile.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.HistoryProfile
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/GetStarted.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.GetStarted
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/Login.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.Login
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/Penality.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.Penality
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/ValidationBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.ValidationBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/BuildConfig.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.BuildConfig
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/StatusBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.StatusBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/AcidentReportBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.AcidentReportBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/GetStartedBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.GetStartedBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/AcidentReport.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.AcidentReport
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/HistoryBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.HistoryBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/Status.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.Status
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/LoginBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.LoginBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/Home.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.Home
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/Profile.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.Profile
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/ProfileBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.ProfileBinding
com/ethiop/drivinglicencevalidation/databinding/PenalityBinding.java
 com.ethiop.drivinglicencevalidation.databinding.PenalityBinding
